[MUSIC]
>> Michael North: I think the best way to
illustrate how this works is to jump in
and code one of these things up.
So that you guys can see how it all
fits together and how it works.
And then we're gonna extend our example,
our project,
by componentizing a few things.
>> Michael North: So I'm just going
to create a component with Ember CLI.
>> Michael North: Called social-info.
Remember we need the dash in the name.
And we can see that
a JavaScript file was created,
a template was created in this component
sub folder of the templates directory and
an integration test was created for us.
So if we go back to our code,
I'm gonna close a bunch of this stuff out.
>> Michael North: I'm going to just
start consuming it cuz right now it's
a component that is blank,
it does nothing.
>> Michael North: And what I want
us to do is display my name and
then some social network links.
>> Michael North: So
we'll just start there.
>> Michael North: And right now we
are passing data into the component but,
we haven't specified how things
should be rendered, and so
it's not really interesting yet.
>> Michael North: So,
I'm gonna open these up side by side,
so we can see the JavaScript on
the left and the template on the right,
both corresponding to this component.
So, we'll start by consuming this name.
>> Michael North: Fantastic.
And then, I'm gonna create a list.
>> Michael North: So there we go.
And I'll just add this.
Right, so effectively we're already
seeing a little bit of a benefit here.
Because this is more expressive
than this over here on the right.
If you imagine that you're reviewing
your peer's code, I would much rather
review what's on the right once and then
see this popping up all over the place.
Cuz this is telling me what it is, and
it has a contract that makes sense for
what we're trying to do.
So we're already seeing a little
bit of a benefit here so
I'm gonna add a second
social network thing.
>> Michael North: And
we'll add the equivalent.
>> Michael North: Do not save.
All right.
So now we've got Twitter and GitHub.
So if we wanted to extend a little
bit further we can allow it to handle
the case where we don't have a Twitter
account a little bit more gracefully,
this looks silly.
So, if twitter, and
we can do the same thing for GitHub.
But now we're starting to see
that this logic even one to
bread into the header bar file folder
of the screens that I'm building.
This is really a lower level concern
that I wanna be working with.
So great, and let's say that I
want to be able to expand and
collapse the social network links.
So we'll have to deal with an action here.
So I'm gonna give my component
a property here called, is.
>> Michael North: So we have isExpanded,
which is true by default.
So it will start expanded.
>> Michael North: And
I want to say if it is collapsed,
I wanna see the expand link up here.
So.
>> Michael North: All right, so
it looks like my inequality maybe flipped,
or my conditional.
>> Speaker 2: Did you say it was standard?
>> Michael North: You're right.
Thank you.
And
then down here I'm gonna
just wrap this whole thing.
And down here finally.
>> Michael North: Great.
So I've got collapse here.
>> Michael North: And
if I give myself a little more room.
>> Michael North: And I click Collapse.
All right, so we're getting a similar
error to what we were seeing yesterday
when we didn't have an action handler.
And the reason is,
this is an action internal to
this component that is unhandled.
So the same rules apply for
unhandled actions in the outside world.
The only place where you get
the freedom to fire stuff and
not care whether someone
is listening is firing
through the contract between the component
and staff outside the component.
So here we're gonna add our action.
>> Michael North: A shortcut for
flipping the boolean and toggle property.
And now we can see we have expendable,
collapsible component here.
And let's say that we wanted
to also make the outside world
aware of what's going on here.
So maybe, maybe the route needs to be able
to listen to what this component is doing.
We would simply do this.
>> Michael North: On-links-toggle.
>> Michael North: And that's it.
So now we're sending an action out,
we can listen to it through the contract.
And now when we click we're
gonna get a new error message
saying nothing is handling links toggled.
So now what we've done is
we've created the binding.
We've gone through the contract.
But now we've opted into listening to it,
we have nothing listening, nothing
handling this action on the other end.
So we would simply go to the route and
add an action here.
>> Michael North: And clear this out.
And now you can see, our route is aware
of what's going on inside this
component through an action binding.
Does this make sense to everyone?
Any question so far?